Kid, the first two are just smoke bombs
If I do this, I can break you to pieces
Now let me see what you tell me
Haha senior
This 2 billion must be the entire asset of the female scientist
Hum a joke
How can I have only 2 billion assets?
Two more
You can only get up to 30% off at auction.
All the bricks were lit.
Didn't you say he was just a junk picker?
Why can he keep doing it again and again?
Click on the glass to smash it
Sir, it's 600 billion now.
I just sold you for all 18 generations.
It's not worth the money.
Sir?
Are you sure you want to fill seven glazed seven-star lamps?
Order now.
Take the liberty to ask
Who are you?
I presided over the auction for so long
This has never happened before.
Just order it.
You kid deliberately turned against me, didn't you?
We all rely on our abilities
Why do you say I'm against you?
Hum host
I seriously doubt that the dead man found the venue room
I suggest pulling it out directly
Peeling cramp
Broken Tiger Ash
He said light up seven lights.
But as far as I know
He's a junk picker.
Where can he pay 6 gold?
So what if he's not disrupting?
I can prove he's a junk picker
And I said, "How does it light up all the time?"
It turned out that I couldn't afford to disrupt the venue here
For this disruption of the venue under despicable circumstances
Kill him
Waste him, waste him, waste him, waste him, waste him
The world's three largest consortia